1:
Access Token - 
An access token is an object encapsulating the security identity of a 
process or thread. An access token contains the security credentials for 
a login session and identifies the user, the user's groups, the user's 
privileges, and, in some cases, a particular application. The access 
token should be used as a bearer credential and transmitted in an HTTP 
authorization header to the API.

Steps for generating access token GITHUB - 
1. Go to www.github.com
2. Login to your account.
3. Go to Settings.
4. In the Personal Settings list, select Developer Settings.
5. Choose Personal access tokens.
6. Click on Generate new token.
7. Confirm the password.
8. Enter the token description and select scope.
9. Click on Generate token.


2:
Steps to get the ip address of Google and Facebook using DNS lookup - 
1. Go to the DNS lookup site www.mxtoolbox.com
2. Type the domain name of the website for which you want to get the ip.
3. Click on DNS Lookup.

Domain name - www.google.com
ip - 172.217.9.164

Domain name - www.facebook.com
ip - 157.240.18.35

3:
Difference between Library, Framework and API

A library is a collection of functions / objects that serves one 
particular purpose. you could use a library in a variety of projects.
For example, a Bitmap Processing library will provide facilities for 
loading and manipulating bitmap images, saving you having to write all 
that code for yourself.

A framework is a collection of patterns and libraries to help with 
building an application.
For example, .NET provides an application framework

An API is an interface for other programs to interact with your program 
without having direct access.

To put it another way, think of a library as an add-on / piece of an 
application , a framework as the skeleton of the application, and an API 
as an outward-facing part of said app.

In the context of Android Development:

Library: android.app.Activity library (Class with all code)
API: Android API to interact with hardware, like the front camera of an 
Android-based device. If your app needs to vibrate the phone, you must 
use the Android API method like vibratePhone()
